`Accordion` design docs (#1454)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/accordion/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

## Usage

### When to use

- To reveal content as needed while keeping the UI organized and visually manageable.
- To hide long pieces of content with a similar structure.

### When not to use

> - To hide basic non-critical information to users. Instead, consider using a [Reveal](/components/reveal).

Reviewer: Might be helpful to include a point in the "When to use" covering the difference in importance of content between the Reveal and the Accordion. That clear up the distinction between these two components.

Author: I liked this idea. I added this information as a subsection. Let me know if the format and the content read well.

- To allow users switch between different content within the same context. Instead, consider using [Tabs](/components/tabs).

> ## Toggle content

Reviewer: Since "Toggle" is a bit of ambiguous term in this context, it might be useful to include a conceptual description of what type of content _should_ go in the toggle. Broadly off the top of my head I can think of a couple of things:

- Title content, or a title that labels the content in the content area
- Metadata type content (like a subtitle, "Consul cluster (AWS us-east-1)

I think it's important to capture here that while this acts functionally as the "toggle" for the rest of the content, it's intent is to label/title the content, even if the different types of content it accepts are variable.

Author: Thanks for the suggestions. I've added more details and better examples to the section.

> The toggle can take on many different types of content, from text-based content to nested HDS components or custom content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toggle accepts many different types of content, from text-based content to nested HDS components or custom content.
```

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-text.png =690x*)

### Generic content

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-custom.png =690x*)

> ### Interactive content

Reviewer 2: They can add any sort of interactive elements they wish inside the Ember component such as links, buttons, etc.

> ### Interactive content

Author: I added some guidelines and better examples (in context) to this section based on our use cases.

Use `isInteractive` when nesting interactive content on the toggle.

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-interactive.png =690x*)

## Content type

!!! Info

The content type property is only relevant within Figma and doesn’t exist as a property within the code.
!!!

The `content` supports any custom content, local components, or Helios components via an `instance swap` property (customInstance) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.

### Default

![Example of content in accordion item](/assets/components/accordion/content-text.png =800x*)

### Custom

![Example of content in accordion item](/assets/components/accordion/content-custom.png =800x*)

## isOpen

> The Accordion supports displaying one of the items by default on page load. In code, all accordion items are collapsed by default.

Reviewer: This reads a bit weird to me because both statements are focused on the code implementation only, maybe consider:

"In code all accordion items are collapsed by default. Pass [whatever the prop is] to display a single item open on page load." (that isn't perfect, but gets the point across)

### Usage examples

!!! Do

Use the Accordion when you need to display content in different sections that have sequential or hierarchical relationship between them.

![Accordion with basic content](/assets/components/accordion/usage-do.png)
!!!

!!! Dont

Don;t use the Accordion when you need to display a single piece of content that can expand and collapse.

![Accordion with basic content](/assets/components/accordion/usage-do-not.png)
!!!

!!! Do

Use the Accordion when the toggle or the content is relatively complex.

![Accordion with complex content](/assets/components/accordion/usage-do-complex.png)
!!!

## Toggle content

The toggle accepts many different types of content, from text-based content to nested HDS components or custom content.

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-text.png =690x*)

### Generic content

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-custom.png =690x*)

### Interactive content

Use `isInteractive` when nesting interactive content on the toggle.

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-interactive.png =690x*)

## Content type

!!! Info

> The content type property is only relevant within Figma and doesn’t exist as a property within the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content type property is only relevant within Figma and doesn’t exist as a property in code.
```

!!!

> The `content` supports any custom content, local components, or Helios components via an `instance swap` property (customInstance) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Content` supports any custom content, local components, or Helios components via an `instance swap` property (customInstance) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.
```
